jQuery.kinetic
==============
Dave Taylor <http://the-taylors.org>
The MIT License (MIT)

jQuery.kinetic is a simple plugin which adds smooth drag scrolling with 
gradual deceleration to containers.

Demos
-----
Take a look at a demo on <http://the-taylors.org/jquery.kinetic>.

Options
-------

    slowdown    {number}    default: 0.9    This option affects the speed at which the scroll slows
    x           {string}    default: true   Toggles movement along the x axis
    y           {string}    default: true   Toggles movement along the y axis
    maxvelocity {number}    default: 40     This option puts a cap on speed at which the container
                                            can scroll
    movingClass {object} 
        up:     {string}    default: 'kinetic-moving-up'
        down:   {string}    default: 'kinetic-moving-down'
        left:   {string}    default: 'kinetic-moving-left'
        right:  {string}    default: 'kinetic-moving-right'

    deceleratingClass {object} 
        up:     {string}    default: 'kinetic-decelerating-up'
        down:   {string}    default: 'kinetic-decelerating-down'
        left:   {string}    default: 'kinetic-decelerating-left'
        right:  {string}    default: 'kinetic-decelerating-right'


    Listeners:  All listeners are called with:
                - this = jQuery object holding the scroll container
                - a single settings argument which are all the options and  
                    { scrollLeft, scrollTop, velocity, velocityY }

    moved       {function(settings)}           A function which is called on every move
    stopped     {function(settings)}           A function which is called once all 
                                                movement has stopped

    Methods:    You can call methods by running the kinetic plugin
                on an element which has already been activated.

                eg  $('#wrapper').kinetic(); // activate
                    $('#wrapper').kinetic('methodname', arguments);

    start       Start movement in the scroll container at a particular velocity.
                This velocity will not slow until the end method is called.

                The following line scrolls the container left.
                $('#wrapper#).kinetic('start', { velocity: -30 });

                The following line scrolls the container right.
                $('#wrapper#).kinetic('start', { velocity: 30 });

                The following line scrolls the container diagonally.
                $('#wrapper#).kinetic('start', { velocity: -30, velocityY: -10 });

    end         Begin slowdown of any scrolling velocity in the container.
                $('#wrapper#).kinetic('end');
